Vote 1
======

Summary (nonauthoritative)
--------------------------

The vote was aimed at ratification of the voting rules document. The
vote was called for on 2015-09-01, and ended with acceptance of the
voting rules document with result declaration from 2015-10-08.

Results (nonauthoritative)
--------------------------

Partitipation: 6/8 (= 75.00%)
Abstained: 0 (= 0.00%)

| # | Name                             | Votes |      % |
|---|----------------------------------|-------|-------:|
| 1 | Accept the voting rules document |     6 | 75.00% |
| 2 | Reject the voting rules document |     0 |  0.00% |

Authoritative announcements
---------------------------

### Call for Votes ###

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
From: Quintus <quintus@xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx>
To: tsc-devel@xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Date: Tue, 01 Sep 2015 09:07:35 +0200
Subject: [tsc-devel] CALL FOR VOTES: Voting rules document

-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA256


                       C A L L  F O R  V O T E S

1st vote                                     September 1st, 2015

Hi everyone,

this is the formal call for votes (CfV) for the voting rules
document. The voting period is now open!

For your information again, this is the voting rules document draft we
want to accept or reject:

  
http://team.secretchronicles.de/~quintus/votingrules/votingrules-2015-08-15.pdf

Proponent
°°°°°°°°°

The voting was proposed by me, Quintus <quintus@xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx>.

Vote subject
°°°°°°°°°°°°

This vote is aimed at the ratification of the voting rules document
itself.

Vote options
°°°°°°°°°°°°

These are the possible voting options:

Option 1: Accept the voting rules document
Option 2: Reject the voting rules document

Voting period
°°°°°°°°°°°°°

The voting period is now open, and lasts until 2015-09-30 23:59
UTC.

Procedure
°°°°°°°°°

As nobody (thankfully) requested a covert vote, this vote will be held
as an open vote. Please vote by sending an email indicating the option
you voted for to the mailinglist or make an according post to the forum
topic corresponding to this message. Everybody has only one vote. If you
have a GPG keypair, please use it to sign the message (this is optional,
but recommended).

As per §1 of the voting rules, these are the people who are allowed to
vote:

* brianvanderburg2
* DarkAceZ
* datahead8888
* Luiji
* Quintus
* sauer2
* sydneyjd
* xet7

Note this is a special vote as it has a specific majority requirement as
per §21 of the voting rules document: At least two thirds of the team
members must choose the acceptance option, otherwise the vote is
failed. Conversely, if more than one third votes for the rejection
option, the vote is also failed. In any case, we’ll have to revise the
document then. If not enough people participate, we may vote on the same
document without changes again.

- From the above list you can surmise that eight people are allowed to
vote, which means that 5 ⅓ people have to be in favour of the voting
document. Since a third of a person is a little problematic, but 5
persons are not the required majority, at least 6 people must be in
favour of it. In turn, if at least 3 people vote against the document,
it is rejected.

Quintus
TSC project lead.

- -- 
#!/sbin/quintus
Blog: http://www.guelkerdev.de

GnuPG key: F1D8799FBCC8BC4F
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE-----
Version: GnuPG v2

iQEcBAEBCAAGBQJV5U67AAoJEPHYeZ+8yLxPyxYH/3+oTIk5DttKfmKKJTs1x82l
N1DSImHsLpQKqhF3zNTd0LjR59fqNcJiaykU09VlD/AdKt2Z4bjyM3t1gHyDlXbV
TcFNgFJQnGGdtm+RX/wn20tZTdXwvC0vli981tnL/XdtzhfiZyg9BBJ286WmCAKo
1VRCsIMNF4FshQbjKExBZTOO/7b36EZHt2IamwDGsnFWxyUOxl9NcaCtIdz7fig5
IpsT6nhcePwfzKIMYs3EF3tZiN248D6Sx08VCI9ODVQRcnSRwNVZBiYgN/NFoeQz
lRTIwlYku1IjhGNYa89Vu7ElugJ30zm8C3iFLWbRJXwXz3TsS2xsT6Y4AV114Rw=
=MYBV
-----END PGP SIGNATURE-----
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

### Declaration of Results ###

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
From: Quintus <quintus@xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx>
To: tsc-devel@xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Date: Thu, 08 Oct 2015 16:10:46 +0200
Subject: [tsc-devel] DECLRATION OF RESULTS: Voting rules documents

-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA256

              D E C L A R A T I O N   O F   R E S U L T S


1st vote                                                  October 8th, 2015

Hi everyone,

because I was busy I forgot to properly end the 1st vote as announced on
2015-10-01. So here is the formal declaration of results for the 1st
vote regarding the voting document.

History
°°°°°°°

- - 2015-08-15: Announcement of Vote: 
<87wpww6083.fsf@xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx>
- - 2015-09-30: Call for Votes: <87io7u39e0.fsf@xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx>
- - 2015-10-08: Declaration of results: (this message)

Vote subject
°°°°°°°°°°°°

This vote is aimed at the ratification of the voting rules document
itself.

Proponent
°°°°°°°°°

The voting was proposed by me, Quintus <quintus@xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx>.

Votes
°°°°°

Option 1: Accept the voting rules document (6 votes, 75%)

Option 2: Reject the voting rules document (0 votes, 0%)

Abstained: 2 people, 25%

The vote had a special majority requirement; as per §21 of the voting
rules document it required at least ⅔ (approx. 66,6667%) of all team
members in favour of option 1. This majority has been reached. A
sufficient number of people participated.

Results
°°°°°°°

Option 1 has been ACCEPTED with the required majority. It is a binding
decision the team follows from now on, all cirstumstances being equal.

With regard to the vote subject this means that the voting document has
been accepted. Any further votes follow the procedure outlined in that
document.

Right to Complain
°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°

Every team member has the right to file a complaint against this formal
declaration. The complaint must be filed within 14 days from now on
(timestamp of this email) with either the project lead or with the
project assistant lead. The project lead and assistant lead must file
the complaint with one another; if both are involved, a volunteer must
be seeked for.

The complaint has to contain an explanation as to why the voting rules
have been violated. The person the complaint was filed with will then
check the procedure against the requirements of the voting rules
document, and if he finds a violation, he can declare the vote failed,
which allows repetition of the vote in question.

Other
°°°°°

I’m going to submit the accepted version of the voting rules document to
one of our online repositories, with the “draft” mark removed.

Quintus
TSC project lead.

- -- 
#!/sbin/quintus
Blog: http://www.guelkerdev.de

GnuPG key: F1D8799FBCC8BC4F
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE-----
Version: GnuPG v2

iQEcBAEBCAAGBQJWFnlqAAoJEPHYeZ+8yLxP3nYH/R/mQnxOMG9CMoKqnpefPhTT
k28Mj6QKt3RD7Xh1yeUlva5QrWVT1481LK1SJrk13Aqz44E0sjQlpnqtq0gqX2ou
xV7OXCz26RS45KQ3YhPCMGSORn7FjWT9CeSlseLtYjC5PiQgCBSFVsozDOG+Ifnx
8tYvT0Ow5rmxlZQn6GKGAqNaMDaGpNF7Uhh9ZFjGixuoe/qeV/Q/ZmTsoNQjPFJg
fkzkzSD3Izi7gXQB32HmymJxSr+BJrQDIgRY7+ntOnHSps0IT1KqGgCbC+SjVuXu
hQOvPCvkXYvX+hvyd+Q3/8kJrKdNTe09V1nMybHZq2d+ngO9KFIhAolReprI0r8=
=oO3s
-----END PGP SIGNATURE-----
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
