Vote 2
======

Summary (nonauthoritative)
--------------------------

There was a discussion in [ticket
#441](https://github.com/Secretchronicles/TSC/issues/441) about
whether the term “God Mode” was problematic and should thus be
removed. The vote was called for on 2015-10-25, and ended with the
demand to rename “God Mode” to “Omage Mode” with result declaration
from 2015-11-03. In consequence, [ticket
#481](https://github.com/Secretchronicles/TSC/issues/481) was opened.

Results (nonauthoritative)
--------------------------

Participation: 7/9 (= ~77.78%)
Abstained: 0 (= 0.00%)

| # | Name                                          | Votes |       % |
|---|-----------------------------------------------|-------|--------:|
| 1 | Funky God Mode (i.e. keep the current naming) |     2 | ~28.57% |
| 2 | Funky god mode (“God” not capitalised)        |     0 |   0.00% |
| 3 | God Mode                                      |     0 |   0.00% |
| 4 | Dog Mode                                      |     0 |   0.00% |
| 5 | Invincible Mode                               |     1 | ~14.29% |
| 6 | Omega Mode                                    |     4 | ~57.14% |
| 7 | Underdog Mode                                 |     0 |   0.00% |

Authoritative announcements
---------------------------

### Call for Votes ###

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Subject: [tsc-devel] CALL FOR VOTES: Changing the name of “Funky God Mode”
From: Quintus <quintus@xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx>
Date: Sun, 25 Oct 2015 20:40:26 +0100
To: tsc-devel@xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA256


                      C A L L   F O R   V O T E S


2nd vote                                          October 25th, 2015


Hi everyone,

this is a formal Call for Votes (CfV) as per § 9 VotR. It officially
opens the voting period for the vote described below, that is, you are
now free to exercise your right to vote. A vote that is accepted by the
team results in a final decision on a topic and determines how to
proceed, so please take care before you participate.

Allowed to vote is any team member, which as per § 1 VotR is everybody
who is publically listed as a member of the “Secretchronicles”
organisation on GitHub. These are the following eight people:

- - brianvanderburg2, aka simpletoon
- - DarkAceZ
- - datahead8888
- - Luiji
- - Quintus
- - sauer2
- - sydneyjd
- - xet7

Proponent
°°°°°°°°°

The vote was proposed by me, Quintus <quintus@xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx>.

Vote Subject
°°°°°°°°°°°°

There was a discussion spawned in the issue tracker (ticket #441[2])
about whether or not to rename the special mode that makes Alex
invincible from “Funky God Mode” to something different. The main
argument was that the term might be perceived as an unnecessary and
maybe even blasphemic use of the name of God for highly religious
Christians. There has been a good number of pros and cons being
exchanged on the tracker, which I advise everyone to carefully read
before making a decision.

As it appears to be impossible to find a compromise (one can’t really
change the name only partly) and there are people arguing for both
options, I determined a vote was necessary to clear the matter up.

To ease things, this vote not only decides about whether to rename
current God Mode, but also about what to rename it to exactly to prevent
nececcisity of another voting procedure. By voting for option 1 below,
you indicate you want to keep the current naming, voting for any other
option is a vote against the current naming and in favour of another
name (the one you vote for).

Vote Options
°°°°°°°°°°°°

Option 1: Funky God Mode (i.e. keep the current naming)
Option 2: Funky god mode (“God” not capitalised)
Option 3: God Mode
Option 4: Dog Mode
Option 5: Invincible Mode
Option 6: Omega Mode
Option 7: Underdog Mode

Voting Period
°°°°°°°°°°°°°

The voting period has started now. It ends on 2015-11-01 23:59 UTC.

Procedure
°°°°°°°°°

As nobody requested a covert vote, this vote will be held as an open
vote. Please vote by sending an email indicating the option you voted
for to the mailinglist, make an according post to the forum topic
corresponding to this message, or post on the tracker in the ticket
where the vote announcement was published as well. Everybody has only
one vote. If you have a GPG keypair, please use it to sign the message
(this is optional, but recommended).

If no single option receives the most votes (but multiple ones win), a
second vote is held with the set of options reduced to those options
that received the most votes.

If option 1 wins, the current name of “Funky God Mode” will not be
changed now or in the future. Any other option means changing the name
to whatever got the most votes.

Quintus
TSC project lead.

- -- 
#!/sbin/quintus
Blog: http://www.guelkerdev.de

GnuPG key: F1D8799FBCC8BC4F
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE-----
Version: GnuPG v2

iQEcBAEBCAAGBQJWLTAwAAoJEPHYeZ+8yLxP9g4H/1KIIDlV282Cc5ztXhZsK27C
iltdEQjT8te7DNUf7meHnduoHcUawSKkKFAQX1s/VfYCcrB0UWNDjozaVEqDTkRo
h9DxryPbU+aXxGXtipR9boVximRNl4vglJ40iDwY3MEmglZQ9AZ7qwAGW+nDAc3j
Gw1PNQENb7Uick8HAKPuAEL8QqWK4y650f5KoQkiZLL7BXLvsn4R/ofeTsO2MZTu
iwWW6XrqzuApVYJlb5nrerA5mivpgyiOXjyeNxCwreqUPPxDvMHZzYsK5CtPp/45
ZE/NB9zCA0MAiBpeEEsMJBfQD8cnGeJdRhk5Cu6lmh/nc6D1fidGm9DvgWZh1XQ=
=q5Xv
-----END PGP SIGNATURE-----
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

### Declaration of Results ###

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Subject: [tsc-devel] DECLARATION OF RESULTS: Changing the name of “Funky God Mode”
From: Quintus <quintus@xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx>
Date: Tue, 03 Nov 2015 20:41:22 +0100
To: tsc-devel@xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA256


              D E C L A R A T I O N   O F   R E S U L T S

2nd vote                                          November 3rd, 2015

Hi everyone,

this is the formal declaration of results on the 2nd vote of the TSC
team. It contains the official number of voting ballots counted, their
chosen options, and it states the outcome of the vote.

History
°°°°°°°

- - 2015-10-11: Vote announcement
  http://lists.secretchronicles.de/tsc-devel/2015/10/0000023.html
  <87si5hsxnu.fsf@xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx>

- - 2015-10-25: Call for Votes
  http://lists.secretchronicles.de/tsc-devel/2015/10/0000075.html
  <8737wyzqhh.fsf@xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx>

- - 2015-11-03: Declaration of results
  (this message)

Proponent
°°°°°°°°°

The vote was proposed by me, Quintus <quintus@xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx>.

Vote Subject
°°°°°°°°°°°°

There was a discussion spawned in the issue tracker (ticket #441[1])
about whether or not to rename the special mode that makes Alex
invincible from “Funky God Mode” to something different. The main
argument was that the term might be perceived as an unnecessary and
maybe even blasphemic use of the name of God for highly religious
Christians. There has been a good number of pros and cons being
exchanged on the tracker, which I advise everyone to carefully read
before making a decision.

As it appears to be impossible to find a compromise (one can’t really
change the name only partly) and there are people arguing for both
options, I determined a vote was necessary to clear the matter up.

To ease things, this vote not only decides about whether to rename
current God Mode, but also about what to rename it to exactly to prevent
nececcisity of another voting procedure. By voting for option 1 below,
you indicate you want to keep the current naming, voting for any other
option is a vote against the current naming and in favour of another
name (the one you vote for).

Votes
°°°°°

- From 9 people allowed to vote (8 mentioned in the announcement message
plus Bugsbane who I assure you is in the team but still has not
publicised his membership, but has pointed that out on the tracker[2]) 7
did exercise their right to vote, which gives a participation of
approx. 77.78%.

These are the definitive results:

| # | Option name                                   | Votes | Percent  |
|---+-----------------------------------------------+-------+----------|
| 1 | Funky God Mode (i.e. keep the current naming) |     2 | ~28.57 % |
| 2 | Funky god mode (“God” not capitalised)        |     0 |   0.00 % |
| 3 | God Mode                                      |     0 |   0.00 % |
| 4 | Dog Mode                                      |     0 |   0.00 % |
| 5 | Invincible Mode                               |     1 | ~14.29 % |
| 6 | Omega Mode                                    |     4 | ~57.14 % |
| 7 | Underdog Mode                                 |     0 |   0.00 % |
|---+-----------------------------------------------+-------+----------|
| - | Total                                         |     7 | 100.00 % |

Effect of the Vote
°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°

Option #6 has been ACCEPTED by the majority of the team. It is a binding
decision the team follows from now on, all circumstances being equal.

With regard to the vote subject this means that the current “Funky God
Mode” is going to be renamed to “Omega Mode”.

Right to Complain
°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°

Every team member has the right to file a complaint against this formal
declaration. The complaint must be filed within 14 days from now on
(timestamp of this email) with either the project lead or with the
project assistant lead. The project lead and assistant lead must file
the complaint with one another; if both are involved, a volunteer must
be seeked for.

The complaint has to contain an explanation as to why the voting rules
have been violated. The person the complaint was filed with will then
check the procedure against the requirements of the voting rules
document, and if he finds a violation, he can declare the vote failed,
which allows repetition of the vote in question.

Other
°°°°°

I am going to open an issue on the tracker for keeping track of setting
this vote’s results into effect.

Quintus
TSC project lead.

[1]: https://github.com/Secretchronicles/TSC/issues/441
[2]: https://github.com/Secretchronicles/TSC/issues/441#issuecomment-151079395

- -- 
#!/sbin/quintus
Blog: http://www.guelkerdev.de

GnuPG key: F1D8799FBCC8BC4F
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE-----
Version: GnuPG v2

iQEcBAEBCAAGBQJWOQ3nAAoJEPHYeZ+8yLxPSdwH+wfUaPfpK4apTJE0G0wPInHU
tvk8j2+VcSl6XX33yTEZrIV3Um6gDqjodwn0FLQgDDqwdHhk4gfOKesGFMWQx54b
7dtdu8SztT1IkkcLGIw6WnxL+E15ctW/IjVg+4CuKYjB+8TtKk6wbCmIDsnlOosw
AdzBl3y8TqoW0X4xFooRaQ6Gw5Rm5idaeyH9k/eLRJxKBzrf3eu5puW9r55h8lfd
rWh/wFTLxIXSlTLG3zVG9sDaRgGqnSPvjAyr8Uj4V2MQzm2VCAt5drd7LBu0HeNE
l/BEFMIqZOjMlAo+fKo/jUHirEpvPUNdA6GKFf7mBF+MWfCGsllOL1tr+Df4kVc=
=HK1l
-----END PGP SIGNATURE-----
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
