Vote 3
======

Summary (nonauthoritative)
--------------------------

The voting rules weren’t clear enough with regard to whether the 2/3
majority required for certain decisions was referring to 2/3 of the
entire team or just 2/3 of those voting. Additionally, the voting
process was perceived as too formal for IRC votings.

The vote was called for on 2016-04-04 on the mailinglist, and ended
with the decision to adapt the voting rules with in-chat declaration
of results from 2016-04-09.

Results (nonauthoritative)
--------------------------

Team members allowed to vote: 8
Required majority: 2/3 (~ 5.3333 → 6)
Participation: 7/8 (= 87.5%)
Abstained: 0 (= 0.00%)

| # | Name                                          | Votes |       % |
|---|-----------------------------------------------|-------|--------:|
| 1 | Yes (accept the change)                       |     7 |   87.5% |
| 2 | No (reject the change)                        |     0 |    0.0% |
|---|-----------------------------------------------|-------|---------|
| Total                                             |     7 |   87.5% |

7 of 8 team members participated in the voting, which is more than the
requied 2/3 majority, regardless of whether that was the majority of
all team members or only those participating.

Authoritative announcements
---------------------------

### Call for Votes ###

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA256

                      C A L L   F O R   V O T E S

3rd vote                                                 April 4th, 2016

Hi everyone,

this is a formal Call for Votes (CfV) as per § 9 VotR. It officially
opens the voting period for the vote described below, that is, you are
now free to exercise your right to vote. A vote that is accepted by the
team results in a final decision on a topic and determines how to
proceed, so please take care before you participate.

Allowed to vote is any team member, which as per § 1 VotR is everybody
who is publically listed as a member of the “Secretchronicles”
organisation on GitHub.

Proponent
°°°°°°°°°

The vote was proposed by datahead <cjj_009@xxxxxxxxx> and me,
Quintus <quintus@xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx>.

Vote Subject
°°°°°°°°°°°°

We make the following proposal to adapt the voting rules so they are
more consistant and more flexible:

- 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                 Art. 1

§2(2) is changed to “The vote requires that two thirds of the team
members voting are in favour of adding the new person to the team.”.

§3(1)(Nr.3)(2nd sentence) is changed to “This requires a two thirds
majority of those voting, and the candidate for removal is not allowed
to participate in the vote.”

In §20 the words “of the team members” are replaced with “of all
existing team members”.

                                 Art. 2

A new §5a is introduced after §5 with the following text:

§5a IRC Voting Announcement

(1) For votings held in IRC — as an exception to § 5(2)(Nr.3) — it is
sufficient to announce all available voting options in IRC prior to
taking the votes.

(2) If at least three team members are available in IRC and are not just
idling, it is possible to waive the two-week preparation interval and
vote immediately. The waiver requires all non-idling team members in the
chatroom to agree on it.

(3) Any team member can challenge a voting made under the conditions
of (2) above until two weeks after the declaration of results have
passed by approaching the project lead accordingly. If the voting is
challenged, it is treated the same way as if it failed (§12).

                                 Art. 3

These changes enter into force immediately after the Declaration of
Results of the vote for accepting them.

Any votes running at the moment these changes enter into force are
transferred to the changed version of the rules and do not remain under
the old version.
- 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

For your convienience, you can find a diff of the voting rules in the ML
archive at the end of the voting announcement message[1].

Vote Options
°°°°°°°°°°°°

Option 1: Yes (Accept the change)
Option 2: No (Reject the change)

Voting Period
°°°°°°°°°°°°°

The voting period has started now. It ends on 2016-04-18 00:00 UTC. It
also ends if the sufficient 2/3 majority has been reached.

Note that the General Discussion is scheduled for 2016-04-09. If there
is no final result until that date, the voting will be completed at the
beginning of the General Discussion!

Procedure
°°°°°°°°°

As nobody requested a covert vote, this vote will be held as an open
vote. Please vote by sending an email indicating the option you voted
for to the mailinglist, make an according post to the forum topic
corresponding to this message, or post on the tracker in the ticket
where the vote announcement was published as well. Everybody has only
one vote. If you have a GPG keypair, please use it to sign the message
(this is optional, but recommended).

If you haven’t voted until the General Discussion on 2016-04-09, you can
also vote in IRC on that date once the topic is announced.

If no single option receives the most votes (but multiple ones win), a
second vote is held with the same options (there are only two).

This vote is a special vote. As per §20 VotR, changes to the voting
rules document require a 2/3 majority of ALL TEAM MEMBERS. So please:
every team member should vote on this!

Quintus
TSC project lead.

[1]: http://lists.secretchronicles.de/tsc-devel/2016/03/0000042.html

- -- 
#!/sbin/quintus
Blog: http://www.guelkerdev.de

GnuPG key: F1D8799FBCC8BC4F
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE-----
Version: GnuPG v2

iQEcBAEBCAAGBQJXAiJpAAoJEPHYeZ+8yLxPW88H/jDDEzzsLrBiOgHSvxXOT5Me
3Gc70Sh2FMOnUbb3zEDm6Yn42WABeGZW0qQEMfqZxwrSUHhyxEc+zZSCjkJbYgHP
6ZYLNyaUwoqnjHp6x4g5E96A9hKQLtkuoZM4xfrCoataZy1OTThp4p2/EcNjHFYd
6aKAxLx1TbIBmowmSwTulngI6qe9yCW33AEilaRlgPNTQoG7uaYDaAryt0nHpzNh
NfIDKw3VyBP34mx2X4TNA1WMhKreue1Nh+T44neBqnVmJBlsOauHj1Xrmqrhcbur
11NYVZ0bFiIQit2YyYgRs8KOEh/f57soWnTxT+oqGpwHRR2aRsGlzm173dKQI8w=
=8/Cj
-----END PGP SIGNATURE-----
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

### Declaration of Results ###

The declaration of results happened after completing the vote in chat,
after some people already voted on the mailinglist. Here’s the
relevant part from the IRC logs of 2016-04-09:

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
17:19 	* 	quintus changed the topic to “Voting Rules changes voting”.
17:20 	quintus 	We need to first complete the voting rules changes thingie
17:20 	quintus 	We have as of now not had enough votings pro or contra the proposed voting rules change.
17:20 	quintus 	You can read up the change proposal here: http://lists.secretchronicles.de/tsc-devel/2016/04/0000008.html
17:20 	furbot 	Title: [tsc-devel] CALL FOR VOTES: Voting Rules Change
17:21 	quintus 	We have had 4 votes in favour of it on the ML
17:21 	quintus 	Err, 5
17:21 	quintus 	We need 6 for the proposal to pass, as it requires a 2/3 majority.
17:22 	quintus 	Those team members who have not already voted on the ML, please give your vote now here! I lift the +m for this.
17:22 	-- 	Mode -m by quintus.
17:22 	quintus 	Okay, +m is gone. Please vote now.
17:22 	sauer2 	I vote 1
17:22 	sauer2 	did it work
17:22 	sauer2 	?
17:23 	quintus 	That’s good. That’s now 6 votes in favour of it
17:23 	xet7 	I vote 1
17:23 	brianvanderburg 	I vote in favor of the changes. Option 1
17:23 	DarkAceZ 	I vote 1. Yes
17:23 	quintus 	Okay, I said those who haven’t already voted :-)
17:23 	quintus 	We have enough votes now. If I haven’t miscounted, we have now 7 in favour of it
17:23 	quintus 	That is enough. Vote passed!
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
