Vote 4
======

Summary (nonauthoritative)
--------------------------

It was suggested to include kirbyfan64 into the TSC team. The vote was
called for on 2016-04-09 in the 2nd General Discussion, and ended with the
decision add kirbyfan64 to the team with in-chat declaration of results
from 2016-04-09.

Results (nonauthoritative)
--------------------------

Team members allowed to vote: 8
Required majority: 2/3 o.t.v.
Participation: 7/8 (= 87.5%)
Abstained: 0 (= 0.00%)

| # | Name                                          | Votes |       % |
|---|-----------------------------------------------|-------|--------:|
| 1 | Yes (include him)                             |     7 |  100.0% |
| 2 | No (don’t include him)                        |     0 |    0.0% |
|---|-----------------------------------------------|-------|---------|
| Total                                             |     7 |  100.0% |

7 of 8 team members participated in the voting. Of those who voting
all voted in favour of the addition.

Authoritative announcements
---------------------------

### Call for Votes and Declaration of Results ###

Both the Call for Votes and the Declration of Results happed during
the 2nd General Discussion in chat. Here is the relevant parts of the
IRC logs from 2016-04-09:

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
17:29 	quintus 	Okay. The team membership vote requires 2/3 of the team members who vote to be in favour of the addition.
17:30 	quintus 	We will start with kirbyfan, because he’s listed first on the schedule
17:30 	quintus 	I open the vote window now
17:30 	-- 	Mode -m by quintus.
17:30 	quintus 	Please give your vote.
17:30 	DarkAceZ 	I vote him on the team
17:30 	datahead7777 	I vote for addition of Kirbyfan64
17:31 	quintus 	I vote in favour of adding him to the team.
17:31 	brianvanderburg 	I vote for yes
17:31 	sauer2 	I vote for him
17:31 	sydney_untangle 	I vote yes.
17:31 	xet7 	I vote yes.
17:31 	quintus 	Wonderful.
17:32 	quintus 	With results of just now, I declare kirbyfan to be a team member now!
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
