Vote 5
======

Summary (nonauthoritative)
--------------------------

It was suggested to include skarfester into the TSC team. The vote was
called for on 2016-04-09 in the 2nd General Discussion, and ended with the
decision add skarfester to the team with in-chat declaration of results
from 2016-04-09.

Results (nonauthoritative)
--------------------------

Team members allowed to vote: 8
Required majority: 2/3 o.t.v.
Participation: 7/8 (= 87.5%)
Abstained: 0 (= 0.00%)

| # | Name                                          | Votes |       % |
|---|-----------------------------------------------|-------|--------:|
| 1 | Yes (include him)                             |     7 |  100.0% |
| 2 | No (don’t include him)                        |     0 |    0.0% |
|---|-----------------------------------------------|-------|---------|
| Total                                             |     7 |  100.0% |

7 of 8 team members participated in the voting. Of those who voting
all voted in favour of the addition.

Authoritative announcements
---------------------------

### Call for Votes and Declaration of Results ###

Both the Call for Votes and the Declration of Results happed during
the 2nd General Discussion in chat. Here is the relevant parts of the
IRC logs from 2016-04-09:

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
17:29 quintus         | Okay. The team membership vote requires 2/3 of the team members who vote to be in favour of the addition.
[...]
17:32 quintus         | Okay. Now we continue with skarfester. Please give your vote.
17:32 quintus         | I vote for him.
17:32 sauer2          | I vote for him
17:32 xet7            | I vote yes.
17:33 sydney_untangle | I vote yes.
17:33 DarkAceZ        | I vote skarfester on the team
17:33 brianvanderburg | I vote Yes
17:33 <--quintus left the IRC network (Quit: Valete!)
17:33 DarkAceZ        | uh oh
17:33 -->quintus entered #secretchronicles.
17:33 mode +o quintus by ChanServ
17:33 quintus         | Now that was unfortunate. The moderator had a network outage...
17:33 quintus         | Wonderful.
17:34 quintus         | With results of just now, I declare kirbyfan to be a team member now!
17:34 quintus         | Welcome kirbyfan. Where are you...?
17:34 quintus         | Okay. Now we continue with skarfester. Please give your vote.
17:34 datahead7777    | I vote to add Skarfester to the team
17:34 sauer2          | I vote for him
17:34 brianvanderburg | I vote Yes
17:34 DarkAceZ        | I vote skarfester on the team
17:34 xet7            | I vote yes.
[...]
17:37 quintus         | Okay. We now have 5 votes in favour of skarfester
17:38 quintus         | sydney_untangle: Do you want to give a vote for skarfester as well?
17:38 sydney_untangle | quintus: Yes.
17:38 quintus         | Is that a vote?
17:38 sydney_untangle | I vote Yes.
17:38 quintus         | Okay :-P
17:39 quintus         | Mh... 6/7. Who didn’t vote...?
17:39 quintus         | Ouch, me
17:39 quintus         | I vote in favour of skarfester.
17:39 **quintus feels dumb
17:39 sydney_untangle | :-)
17:39 quintus         | With 7/7 votes in favour, I welcome skarfester to the team as well!
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
