Vote 8
======

Summary (nonauthoritative)
--------------------------

With vote 7 the team wanted to resolve the question around the
translation software to use for TSC (the corresponding ticket on the
tracker was #196). That vote failed due to a draw (2:2 with 1
abstination) and it was decided to repeat the vote on the asynchronous
infrastructure to settle the problem. Apart from the infrastructure
change, this vote 8 is thus the same as vote 7.

The vote was called for on 2016-05-02 on both the mailinglist and the
tracker, and ended with the decision to accept translations only
through submitted PO files with declaration of results from
2016-05-10.

Results (nonauthoritative)
--------------------------

Team members allowed to vote: 11
Required majority: simple
Participation: 8/11 (~ 72.73%)
Abstained: 1 (12.50%)


| # | Option Name                                                           | Votes |        % |
|---+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------+---------:|
| 1 | Accept translations only through submitted PO files                   |     4 |  50.00 % |
| 2 | Accept translations only through Transifex, reject submitted PO files |     0 |   0.00 % |
| 3 | Accept translations both through Transifex and via submitted PO files |     0 |   0.00 % |
| 4 | Accept translations only through Weblate, reject submitted PO files   |     0 |   0.00 % |
| 5 | Accept translations both through Weblate and via submitted PO files   |     3 |  37.50 % |
| 6 | Custom Solution                                                       |     0 |   0.00 % |
|---+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------+----------|
|   | Total voted                                                           |     7 |  87.50 % |
|   | Abstained                                                             |     1 |  12.50 % |
|---+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------+----------|
|   | Grand total                                                           |     8 | 100.00 % |

Authoritative announcements
---------------------------

### Call for Votes ###

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA256

                      C A L L   F O R   V O T E S

8rd vote                                                 May 2nd, 2016

this is a formal Call for Votes (CfV) as per § 9 VotR. It officially
opens the voting period for the vote described below, that is, you are
now free to exercise your right to vote. A vote that is accepted by the
team results in a final decision on a topic and determines how to
proceed, so please take care before you participate.

Allowed to vote is any team member, which as per § 1 VotR is everybody
who is publically listed as a member of the “Secretchronicles”
organisation on GitHub.

Proponent
°°°°°°°°°

datahead <cjj_009@yahoo.com>

Vote Subject
°°°°°°°°°°°°

In the 2nd General Discussion, the vote for deciding about a translation
software to use failed because of a remis situation of 2:2 votes with 1
abstination. Since that vote thus had no binding result, it is hereby
repeated on the long way on the asynchronous infrastructure of the TSC
project, such that we can finally get this evergreen of a discussion
topic resolved by means of more involvement (than the 5 members that
were in IRC).


Vote Options
°°°°°°°°°°°°

1. Accept translations only through submitted PO files (i.e. keep
current state, no change)
2. Accept translations only through Transifex, reject submitted PO files
3. Accept translations both through Transifex and via submitted PO files
4. Accept translations only through Weblate, reject submitted PO files
5. Accept translations both through Weblate and via submitted PO files
6. Custom solution

Voting for any option involving Weblate means setting up our own Weblate
instance (hooking it up to our planned LDAP for a single sign on with
only one single username/password combination for the entire project
infrastructure).

Voting Period
°°°°°°°°°°°°°

The voting period has started now. It ends on 2016-05-10 00:00 UTC.

Procedure
°°°°°°°°°

As nobody requested a covert vote, this vote will be held as an open
vote. Please vote by sending an email indicating the option you voted
for to the mailinglist, make an according post to the forum topic
corresponding to this message, or post on the tracker in the ticket
where the vote announcement was published as well. Everybody has only
one vote. If you have a GPG keypair, please use it to sign the message
(this is optional, but recommended).

If no single option receives the most votes (but multiple ones win), a
second vote is held with the set of options reduced to those options
which received the most votes.

There is nothing special about this vote, which means it can be decided
by simple majority.

Quintus
TSC project lead.

- -- 
Blog: http://www.guelkerdev.de
PGP/GPG ID: F1D8799FBCC8BC4F
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE-----
Version: GnuPG v2

iQEcBAEBCAAGBQJXJ7gXAAoJEPHYeZ+8yLxP/HwH/j8ON93zfG3fk77P05BrXWNx
rueI/4KhCR6Btu4LogD1qz0Bq+FGl0D6CkhfyILBKFbiuNyUCfCQlmHlJ53JgE9u
4OACamoxuu+ml6uss/g0wTOjjHO45e0MMTeaif1VDu1+CzEAdKgHI1VK4b22lDJ7
rV37u05brrqONYLhI1DHDoskHLNieDePlaA7y7nN9/EvcjKjsFP6lwtMQ93TU0LU
Lw3R/Ha24GdMjdfa1MS6V1bz6u4eC2JOoqpra0Lz5KCLZgwcZ8BKH4mFqKItkFwK
aGmgHR0w3djEUr4YH9WZe6IiKn4CaDvfeUVwcdDdGiivzXXmOMSKPpiixsUF8b0=
=RFbC
-----END PGP SIGNATURE-----
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

### Decleration of Results ###

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA256

         D E C L A R A T I O N   O F   R E S U L T S

8th vote                                          May 10th, 2016

Hi everyone,

this is the formal declaration of results on the 8th vote of the TSC
team. It contains the official number of voting ballots counted, their
chosen options, and it states the outcome of the votes.

History
°°°°°°°

* 2016-04-11: Vote announcement
  * http://lists.secretchronicles.de/tsc-devel/2016/04/0000022.html
  * <87shyrx6bl.fsf@hades.cable.internal.west-ik.de>
* 2016-05-02: Call for Votes
  * http://lists.secretchronicles.de/tsc-devel/2016/05/0000000.html
  * <20160502222701.1bf41c65@hades.cable.internal.west-ik.de>
* 2016-05-10: Declaration of results
  * (this message)

Proponent
°°°°°°°°°

datahead <cjj_009@yahoo.com>

Vote subject
°°°°°°°°°°°°

In the 2nd General Discussion, the vote for deciding about a translation
software to use failed because of a remis situation of 2:2 votes with 1
abstination. Since that vote thus had no binding result, it is hereby
repeated on the long way on the asynchronous infrastructure of the TSC
project, such that we can finally get this evergreen of a discussion
topic resolved by means of more involvement (than the 5 members that
were in IRC).

Votes
°°°°°

Of 11 people allowed to vote 8 people did exercise their right to vote
or to abstain, which gives a participation of approx. 72.73%.

People have voted both on the tracker in ticket #196 and on the
mailinglist/forum. All votes from all sources have been counted.

These are the definitive results:

| # | Option Name                                                           | Votes |  Percent |
|---+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------+----------|
| 1 | Accept translations only through submitted PO files                   |     4 |  50.00 % |
| 2 | Accept translations only through Transifex, reject submitted PO files |     0 |   0.00 % |
| 3 | Accept translations both through Transifex and via submitted PO files |     0 |   0.00 % |
| 4 | Accept translations only through Weblate, reject submitted PO files   |     0 |   0.00 % |
| 5 | Accept translations both through Weblate and via submitted PO files   |     3 |  37.50 % |
| 6 | Custom Solution                                                       |     0 |   0.00 % |
|---+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------+----------|
|   | Total voted                                                           |     7 |  87.50 % |
|   | Abstained                                                             |     1 |  12.50 % |
|---+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------+----------|
|   | Grand total                                                           |     8 | 100.00 % |

Effect of the Vote
°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°

Option #1 has been ACCEPTED by the required simple majority of the
team (§10 VotR). It is a binding decision the team follows from now
on, all circumstances being equal.

With regard to the vote subject this means that we will only accept
translation contributions in form of PO files.

Right to Complain
°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°

Every team member has the right to file a complaint against this
formal declaration. The complaint must be filed within 14 days from
now on (timestamp of this email) with either the project lead or with
the project assistant lead. The project lead and assistant lead must
file the complaint with one another; if both are involved, a volunteer
must be seeked for.

The complaint has to contain an explanation as to why the voting rules
have been violated. The person the complaint was filed with will then
check the procedure against the requirements of the voting rules
document, and if he finds a violation, he can declare the vote failed,
which allows repetition of the vote in question.

Marvin Gülker
aka Quintus
TSC project lead.
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE-----
Version: GnuPG v2

iQEcBAEBCAAGBQJXMafDAAoJEPHYeZ+8yLxPGM0H/0gJLZ/7QwMoD/6H4mmYYF6A
HZafpGBgOGSO8RSyDc9CSeXSVSBBwbEfWMvxP8dp1MzD5XCclO7yZbAHWSnId2vo
6NLErZ3KVmftRSf3MK0CM4T/hC3k/OtnC7Vo76rFpKyyYIF5oeEJBJ7v8vwhmxMX
Y3Ya4LOf1GYS82ztgIiIRhJcW3YP9gpR8Sjv0rUOVshe0HixtbAuwPxlhtpIYtdd
WimijauHejwinZuQhPX54Xj9G0HG5OXgrIBqxndd6TGDhB7WYr0DfgZbgCGGi+2Q
Z+8sSuP7A/sOBz7t1Cpc0+EehBTT9lsQJnEYUuQERCtOBpUsobVlmk0HhRfEcuk=
=oecG
-----END PGP SIGNATURE-----
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
